CHAOS-2466: Add CE SMP roadmap and k8s fault permissions (#3198)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/get-started/whats-supported.md

sidebar_position: 10
---

This topic lists the platforms and technologies that Harness Chaos Engineering (CE) supports for deploying chaos infrastructure.

> To learn more about chaos infrastructure, please refer [chaos infrastructure](/docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/architecture#chaos-infrastructure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about chaos infrastructure, go to [Chaos infrastructure](/docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/architecture#chaos-infrastructure).
```

## Chaos infrastructure

### Supported operating systems and distributions

The following table shows the supported operating systems and distributions for deploying chaos infrastructure.

> | Platform | Distribution | Version | Harness cloud | Self-Managed Enterprise Edition |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Platform | Distribution | Version | Harness SaaS | Self-Managed Enterprise Edition |
```

> | Platform | Distribution | Version | Harness cloud | Self-Managed enterprise edition |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Platform | Distribution | Version | Harness cloud | Self-Managed Enterprise Edition |
```

| **Resource stress**<br />For example, CPU stress, Memory stress, etc. | ✅| ✅  | ✅     |  ✅    |  ✅  |    |  ✅  |
| **State change**<br />For example, VM stop, Pod kill, etc.  |  ✅  |  ✅  |   ✅   |   ✅   |  ✅  |   ✅  |   ✅   |
| **Managed Services**<br />For example, AWS ECS agent stop, Azure web app stop, etc. |   |   |   |   ✅   |  ✅  |   ✅  |   ✅   |

> ## CE on Harness Self-Managed Enterprise Edition (SMP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CE on Harness Self-Managed Enterprise Edition
```

Chaos Engineering on Harness Self-Managed Enterprise Edition is in feature parity with Harness Cloud(SaaS) with the following limitations:
* Harness enterprise chaos hub is not supported by default.

> * Please contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) for getting access to Harness enterprise chaos hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) for access to the Harness enterprise chaos hub.
```

> * Once you have access to enterprise chaos hub, you can add a custom chaos hub by following the steps mentioned [here](/docs/chaos-engineering/configure-chaos-experiments/chaos-hubs/add-chaos-hub).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once you have access to the enterprise chaos hub, you can add a custom chaos hub. For more information, go to [Add a custom chaos hub](/docs/chaos-engineering/configure-chaos-experiments/chaos-hubs/add-chaos-hub).
```
